Enable FAQ (#34)
AdobeDocs/frameio-api: src/pages/guides/FAQ/index.md

# Frame.io API FAQ

The Frame.io API allows developers to integrate Frame.io’s surface for creatives and their teams to manage their work.

### Where is the **API reference**?

Go [here](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/frameio/api/current/) to see the Frame V4 API reference pages.

> ### How can I get **help**?

Author: @chandlma switched these to `###` headings so they'll display with the sidebar shortcuts (see screenshot in PR)

* **File transfer and management**: This set of capabilities gives users all the flexibility and power to build the best file management system for their creative process making it easier to quickly get the information they need, and manage all their work-in-progress assets at scale.
* **Review and approval**: Frame.io helps creative teams reduce the total number of revision cycles with advanced review, commenting, and annotation capabilities available across a broad set of media types.
* **Sharing and presentation**: Customize and share creative work from one central place.
* **Security and governance**: View and manage all users, workspaces, and projects in one place. Take bulk actions and export information to control how you utilize usage data.
* **Open API Standards**: A REST API and an OpenAPI specification connect Frame.io to the systems you already use to unblock custom workflows.

### Is the Frame.io V4 API **backward compatible**?  

No. The Frame.io product released at Adobe MAX operates in fundamentally different ways and emphasizes different workflows than the legacy version. Due to these differences, the new API is not backward compatible.

> Recognizing that backward-compatibility is a major concern for customers managing production-quality integrations with high uptime requirements, we are designing the V4 API to support an additional level of versioning via a custom HTTP header in order to allow clients to opt into using experimental endpoints, avoid breaking changes, and provide backward-compatibility guarantees within the V4 namespace.

Reviewer: "within the V4 (`/v4/*`) API namespace"

### Will the V4 API only be **available for enterprise**?

> For the moment, Yes. Once the V4 API is generally available, will the automations I set up on V3 using Developer Tokens be broken, or will these be migrated to V4 automatically? Will I need to start my automations from scratch?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the moment, Yes. 
```

### Once the V4 API is generally available, will the automations I set up with the legacy product continue to work? i.e. will these be migrated to V4 automatically?

> All automations using legacy developer tokens will no longer work for V4 accounts. We **do not** have any way to migrate them to V4.

Reviewer: I'd clarify here that there will be a path to upgrade but it will require the use of a different authentication method (OAuth) and updates to your code to use the new endpoints, etc.

Author: Gonna leave these as a follow up, this is mostly for structure.

> ### Once the V4 API is generally available, will the **automations I set up on V3** using developer tokens be broken, or will these be migrated to V4 automatically?

Reviewer 2: Not a blocker for me personally, but I remember that one of the revisions that marketing made to my original copy of the Getting Started guide was to replace all references to V3 with "legacy Frame.io" or "legacy API".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Once the V4 API is generally available, will the automations I set up with the legacy product continue to work? i.e. will these be migrated to V4 automatically?
```

Author: Good callout, thanks!

> All automations using v3 developer tokens will be broken and we **do not** have any way to migrate them to v4.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All automations using legacy developer tokens will no longer work for V4 accounts. We **do not** have any way to migrate them to V4.
```
